Remove `/amp` from the internal source actions (#686)
frontity/frontity: packages/amp/README.md

# `@frontity/amp`

## Table of contents

<!-- toc -->

- [Install](#install)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Feature Discussions](#feature-discussions)
- [Changelog](#changelog)
- [Open Source Community](#open-source-community)
  - [Channels](#channels)
  - [Get involved](#get-involved)

<!-- tocstop -->

## Install

```sh
npm i @frontity/amp
```

## Usage

> You can should install the package and add it to your `frontity.settings.js` file:
> 
> ```js
> export default {
>   packages: [
>     "@frontity/amp",
>     // ...your other packages
>   ],
> };

Reviewer: Maybe we can say here a bit more about how to normally set up two sites, one for React and another for AMP.

```suggestion
You should add the package to your `frontity.settings.js` file.

Usually, you will want to have a "main site" which doesn't use this package and renders the normal React application and an "amp site" that returns the AMP version of the pages.

The AMP site should have a `match` property which will indicate which are the AMP URLs. Some examples are:

- A subdomain: `"match": "amp\\.domain\\.com"`
- A query: `"match": "(\\?|&)amp=true"`
- An ending path: `"match": "\\/amp\\/?($|\\?|#)"`

You can read more about setting up multiple sites [in our docs](https://docs.frontity.org/learning-frontity/settings#multiple-sites).

```js
export default [
  {
    name: "main-site",
    packages: [
      // ...your normal packages
    ],
  },
  {
    name: "amp-site",
    match: "...",
    packages: [
      "@frontity/amp",
      // ...your other packages
    ],
  },
];
```
